I guy's name is John Scott me and I am the tablet instructor here at supergoddess science.
I am super excited about this new section will be focusing some of the new features into low 2080 and
we don't really have one but we actually have two challenges that we will solve together.
Now we'll be tapping into some unconventional sources by clicking a PDA falls and some custom spatial
falls.
So getting with some real world data what else is real.
Well some of the problems we run into in using is there but they're afraid we will go through it step
by step to solve these problems together.
Now during the section you will learn how to use the filter and also how to apply this step and jump
off line in your work.
That was enough talking.
Strap in and let's tackle the first challenge together.
Right.
The business challenge.
Let's have a quick look right.
We are focusing on New York City parks and specifically safety.
Now we have been hired by a community forum to analyze crime incidents occurring at New York City parks.
This is in support of their efforts to lobby for safer parks.
We need to design and attention grabbing visualization which they will use to motivate for more police
patrols in New York City public parks.
We are required to analyze the crime incidents reported to the New York Police Department which have
occurred at New York City parks during the first quarter of 2018.
We have been supplied the data.
But unfortunately the data is only available in pedia format next week.
Note also that Central Park is not included in the review.
Furthermore they have required the results to be displayed using a map and it needs to include the actual
park layout and size and distribution in the city.
We also also to ensure that we make use of proper tool tips and FULDE to include filtering for Barra.
And lastly we've got a little disclaimer just to mention that this study was developed for educational
purposes in reference to real facts or really veins is purely coincidental.
Now let's look at a way you can get the data for this case study.
Now normal you would go to w w w dot supergoddess signs dot com forward slash to blow then you just
scroll to the bottom and you look at Section 9 and in there you will find three files to be downloaded.
The first two are related to this specific business case and that is your PDA fall with the crime stats
and then also the special falls in his folder which will contain all of the files required for that.
And also lost the this years before.
But that's only for the second business case in the next tutorial.
We will look at what PDA falls are and also add some of its characteristics.
I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then happy analyzing.